I'm traveling for about a week, currently in Chicago and poked at stack splitting on the airplane; when SP reaches the end of the allocated stack memory, grow the stack by allocating another chunk, saving the current stack range to it (so it can be restored later) and then setting SP to the new stack.

I got the weirdest crashes. Head scratcher! After a little while I gave up, put my computer away and listened to some music.

Yesterday at the hotel I gave it another go. I only had a short while to poke at it and didn't make any progress.

Today I found some more time and opened up the laptop. Discovered I had made a really dumb mistake—which to my defence I thought my compilter would catch—where I was accessing memory outside the array of vm caches.

Each scheduler M has a set of virtual memory-lookup caches:

    struct M {
      vm_cache_t vmcache[3]
    }

There are three caches for each unique combination of permissions: read-only, write-only and read+write. The vm_perm_t constants for these are 1, 2 and 3 (not 0, 1 and 2!) So, what happened was this:

    vm_cache_t vmcache = vmcache[3] // 3 = VM_PERM_RW

I'm surprised Clang didn't catch this, since the array is explicitly sized to 3.
Anyhow, I added a function for accessing M's vmcache field:

    inline static vm_cache_t* m_vm_cache(M* m, vm_perm_t perm) {
      assertf(perm > 0 && (perm-1) < countof(m->vmcache), "%u", (u32)perm);
      return &m->vmcache[perm-1];
    }

Now, the stack splitting code works. (`stkmem_*` in sched_exec.c) Nice!
